dlerror: libalteracl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl_emu.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libalteracl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl_emu.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libalteracl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl_emu.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libalteracl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl_emu.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libalteracl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl_emu.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libalteracl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl_emu.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libalteracl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl_emu.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libalteracl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl_emu.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libalteracl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl_emu.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libalteracl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl_emu.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libalteracl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl_emu.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libalteracl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl_emu.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libalteracl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl_emu.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libalteracl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl_emu.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libalteracl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl_emu.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libalteracl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl_emu.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libalteracl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl_emu.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libalteracl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl_emu.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libalteracl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl_emu.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libalteracl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl_emu.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libalteracl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl_emu.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libalteracl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl_emu.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libalteracl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl_emu.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libalteracl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl_emu.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libalteracl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl_emu.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libalteracl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl_emu.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libalteracl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl_emu.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libalteracl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl_emu.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libalteracl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl_emu.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libalteracl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl_emu.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libalteracl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl_emu.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libalteracl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl_emu.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libalteracl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl_emu.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libalteracl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl_emu.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libalteracl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl_emu.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libalteracl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl_emu.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libalteracl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl_emu.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libalteracl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl_emu.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libalteracl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl_emu.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libalteracl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl_emu.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libalteracl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl_emu.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libalteracl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl_emu.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libalteracl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl_emu.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libalteracl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl_emu.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libalteracl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl_emu.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libalteracl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl_emu.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libalteracl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl_emu.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libalteracl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl_emu.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libalteracl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl_emu.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libalteracl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl_emu.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libalteracl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl_emu.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libalteracl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl_emu.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libalteracl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl_emu.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libalteracl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl_emu.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libalteracl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl_emu.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libalteracl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl_emu.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libalteracl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl_emu.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libalteracl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl_emu.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libalteracl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl_emu.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libalteracl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl_emu.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libalteracl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl_emu.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libalteracl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl_emu.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libalteracl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl_emu.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libalteracl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl_emu.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory

-- CEED Benchmark Problem 1 -- libCEED + PETSc --
  MPI:
    Hostname                           : noether
    Total ranks                        : 64
    Ranks per compute node             : 64
  PETSc:
    PETSc Vec Type                     : mpi
  libCEED:
    libCEED Backend                    : /cpu/self/xsmm/serial
    libCEED Backend MemType            : host
  Mesh:
    Number of 1D Basis Nodes (P)       : 2
    Number of 1D Quadrature Points (Q) : 3
    Global nodes                       : 72384
    Local Elements                     : 1063
    Owned nodes                        : 904
    DoF per node                       : 1
  KSP:
    KSP Type                           : cg
    KSP Convergence                    : DIVERGED_ITS
    Total KSP Iterations               : 20
    Final rnorm                        : 1.668216e-09
  Performance:
    Pointwise Error (max)              : 2.632094e-03
    CG Solve Time                      : 0.0478873 (0.0478777) sec
    DoFs/Sec in CG                     : 30.231 (30.237) million

-- CEED Benchmark Problem 1 -- libCEED + PETSc --
  MPI:
    Hostname                           : noether
    Total ranks                        : 64
    Ranks per compute node             : 64
  PETSc:
    PETSc Vec Type                     : mpi
  libCEED:
    libCEED Backend                    : /cpu/self/xsmm/serial
    libCEED Backend MemType            : host
  Mesh:
    Number of 1D Basis Nodes (P)       : 2
    Number of 1D Quadrature Points (Q) : 3
    Global nodes                       : 142506
    Local Elements                     : 2097
    Owned nodes                        : 1612
    DoF per node                       : 1
  KSP:
    KSP Type                           : cg
    KSP Convergence                    : DIVERGED_ITS
    Total KSP Iterations               : 20
    Final rnorm                        : 9.947747e-10
  Performance:
    Pointwise Error (max)              : 2.066371e-03
    CG Solve Time                      : 0.0837086 (0.083697) sec
    DoFs/Sec in CG                     : 34.0481 (34.0528) million

-- CEED Benchmark Problem 1 -- libCEED + PETSc --
  MPI:
    Hostname                           : noether
    Total ranks                        : 64
    Ranks per compute node             : 64
  PETSc:
    PETSc Vec Type                     : mpi
  libCEED:
    libCEED Backend                    : /cpu/self/xsmm/serial
    libCEED Backend MemType            : host
  Mesh:
    Number of 1D Basis Nodes (P)       : 2
    Number of 1D Quadrature Points (Q) : 3
    Global nodes                       : 281600
    Local Elements                     : 4201
    Owned nodes                        : 3730
    DoF per node                       : 1
  KSP:
    KSP Type                           : cg
    KSP Convergence                    : DIVERGED_ITS
    Total KSP Iterations               : 20
    Final rnorm                        : 5.798487e-10
  Performance:
    Pointwise Error (max)              : 1.653804e-03
    CG Solve Time                      : 0.167545 (0.167529) sec
    DoFs/Sec in CG                     : 33.6149 (33.618) million

-- CEED Benchmark Problem 1 -- libCEED + PETSc --
  MPI:
    Hostname                           : noether
    Total ranks                        : 64
    Ranks per compute node             : 64
  PETSc:
    PETSc Vec Type                     : mpi
  libCEED:
    libCEED Backend                    : /cpu/self/xsmm/serial
    libCEED Backend MemType            : host
  Mesh:
    Number of 1D Basis Nodes (P)       : 2
    Number of 1D Quadrature Points (Q) : 3
    Global nodes                       : 558600
    Local Elements                     : 8398
    Owned nodes                        : 6875
    DoF per node                       : 1
  KSP:
    KSP Type                           : cg
    KSP Convergence                    : DIVERGED_ITS
    Total KSP Iterations               : 5
    Final rnorm                        : 2.368081e-06
  Performance:
    Pointwise Error (max)              : 1.259159e-03
    CG Solve Time                      : 0.0822821 (0.0822663) sec
    DoFs/Sec in CG                     : 33.9442 (33.9507) million

-- CEED Benchmark Problem 1 -- libCEED + PETSc --
  MPI:
    Hostname                           : noether
    Total ranks                        : 64
    Ranks per compute node             : 64
  PETSc:
    PETSc Vec Type                     : mpi
  libCEED:
    libCEED Backend                    : /cpu/self/xsmm/serial
    libCEED Backend MemType            : host
  Mesh:
    Number of 1D Basis Nodes (P)       : 2
    Number of 1D Quadrature Points (Q) : 3
    Global nodes                       : 1106028
    Local Elements                     : 16777
    Owned nodes                        : 15114
    DoF per node                       : 1
  KSP:
    KSP Type                           : cg
    KSP Convergence                    : DIVERGED_ITS
    Total KSP Iterations               : 5
    Final rnorm                        : 1.245533e-06
  Performance:
    Pointwise Error (max)              : 1.067954e-03
    CG Solve Time                      : 0.164031 (0.164005) sec
    DoFs/Sec in CG                     : 33.714 (33.7194) million

-- CEED Benchmark Problem 1 -- libCEED + PETSc --
  MPI:
    Hostname                           : noether
    Total ranks                        : 64
    Ranks per compute node             : 64
  PETSc:
    PETSc Vec Type                     : mpi
  libCEED:
    libCEED Backend                    : /cpu/self/xsmm/serial
    libCEED Backend MemType            : host
  Mesh:
    Number of 1D Basis Nodes (P)       : 3
    Number of 1D Quadrature Points (Q) : 4
    Global nodes                       : 72345
    Local Elements                     : 125
    Owned nodes                        : 699
    DoF per node                       : 1
  KSP:
    KSP Type                           : cg
    KSP Convergence                    : CONVERGED_RTOL
    Total KSP Iterations               : 17
    Final rnorm                        : 8.363129e-11
  Performance:
    Pointwise Error (max)              : 1.330898e-03
    CG Solve Time                      : 0.00525733 (0.00524955) sec
    DoFs/Sec in CG                     : 233.933 (234.28) million

-- CEED Benchmark Problem 1 -- libCEED + PETSc --
  MPI:
    Hostname                           : noether
    Total ranks                        : 64
    Ranks per compute node             : 64
  PETSc:
    PETSc Vec Type                     : mpi
  libCEED:
    libCEED Backend                    : /cpu/self/xsmm/serial
    libCEED Backend MemType            : host
  Mesh:
    Number of 1D Basis Nodes (P)       : 3
    Number of 1D Quadrature Points (Q) : 4
    Global nodes                       : 142623
    Local Elements                     : 250
    Owned nodes                        : 1858
    DoF per node                       : 1
  KSP:
    KSP Type                           : cg
    KSP Convergence                    : CONVERGED_RTOL
    Total KSP Iterations               : 16
    Final rnorm                        : 7.137577e-11
  Performance:
    Pointwise Error (max)              : 1.044357e-03
    CG Solve Time                      : 0.00955819 (0.00955144) sec
    DoFs/Sec in CG                     : 238.745 (238.913) million

-- CEED Benchmark Problem 1 -- libCEED + PETSc --
  MPI:
    Hostname                           : noether
    Total ranks                        : 64
    Ranks per compute node             : 64
  PETSc:
    PETSc Vec Type                     : mpi
  libCEED:
    libCEED Backend                    : /cpu/self/xsmm/serial
    libCEED Backend MemType            : host
  Mesh:
    Number of 1D Basis Nodes (P)       : 3
    Number of 1D Quadrature Points (Q) : 4
    Global nodes                       : 281951
    Local Elements                     : 548
    Owned nodes                        : 3788
    DoF per node                       : 1
  KSP:
    KSP Type                           : cg
    KSP Convergence                    : CONVERGED_RTOL
    Total KSP Iterations               : 15
    Final rnorm                        : 7.547880e-11
  Performance:
    Pointwise Error (max)              : 7.974872e-04
    CG Solve Time                      : 0.0172732 (0.0172647) sec
    DoFs/Sec in CG                     : 244.846 (244.966) million

-- CEED Benchmark Problem 1 -- libCEED + PETSc --
  MPI:
    Hostname                           : noether
    Total ranks                        : 64
    Ranks per compute node             : 64
  PETSc:
    PETSc Vec Type                     : mpi
  libCEED:
    libCEED Backend                    : /cpu/self/xsmm/serial
    libCEED Backend MemType            : host
  Mesh:
    Number of 1D Basis Nodes (P)       : 3
    Number of 1D Quadrature Points (Q) : 4
    Global nodes                       : 557865
    Local Elements                     : 1063
    Owned nodes                        : 7862
    DoF per node                       : 1
  KSP:
    KSP Type                           : cg
    KSP Convergence                    : CONVERGED_RTOL
    Total KSP Iterations               : 14
    Final rnorm                        : 7.556814e-11
  Performance:
    Pointwise Error (max)              : 6.668114e-04
    CG Solve Time                      : 0.0327089 (0.0326941) sec
    DoFs/Sec in CG                     : 238.776 (238.884) million

-- CEED Benchmark Problem 1 -- libCEED + PETSc --
  MPI:
    Hostname                           : noether
    Total ranks                        : 64
    Ranks per compute node             : 64
  PETSc:
    PETSc Vec Type                     : mpi
  libCEED:
    libCEED Backend                    : /cpu/self/xsmm/serial
    libCEED Backend MemType            : host
  Mesh:
    Number of 1D Basis Nodes (P)       : 3
    Number of 1D Quadrature Points (Q) : 4
    Global nodes                       : 1106875
    Local Elements                     : 2097
    Owned nodes                        : 14778
    DoF per node                       : 1
  KSP:
    KSP Type                           : cg
    KSP Convergence                    : CONVERGED_RTOL
    Total KSP Iterations               : 13
    Final rnorm                        : 8.457695e-11
  Performance:
    Pointwise Error (max)              : 5.180491e-04
    CG Solve Time                      : 0.0600166 (0.0600027) sec
    DoFs/Sec in CG                     : 239.757 (239.812) million

-- CEED Benchmark Problem 1 -- libCEED + PETSc --
  MPI:
    Hostname                           : noether
    Total ranks                        : 64
    Ranks per compute node             : 64
  PETSc:
    PETSc Vec Type                     : mpi
  libCEED:
    libCEED Backend                    : /cpu/self/xsmm/serial
    libCEED Backend MemType            : host
  Mesh:
    Number of 1D Basis Nodes (P)       : 4
    Number of 1D Quadrature Points (Q) : 5
    Global nodes                       : 72520
    Local Elements                     : 38
    Owned nodes                        : 798
    DoF per node                       : 1
  KSP:
    KSP Type                           : cg
    KSP Convergence                    : CONVERGED_RTOL
    Total KSP Iterations               : 14
    Final rnorm                        : 4.899504e-11
  Performance:
    Pointwise Error (max)              : 5.815369e-04
    CG Solve Time                      : 0.0018323 (0.00182713) sec
    DoFs/Sec in CG                     : 554.103 (555.668) million

-- CEED Benchmark Problem 1 -- libCEED + PETSc --
  MPI:
    Hostname                           : noether
    Total ranks                        : 64
    Ranks per compute node             : 64
  PETSc:
    PETSc Vec Type                     : mpi
  libCEED:
    libCEED Backend                    : /cpu/self/xsmm/serial
    libCEED Backend MemType            : host
  Mesh:
    Number of 1D Basis Nodes (P)       : 4
    Number of 1D Quadrature Points (Q) : 5
    Global nodes                       : 143080
    Local Elements                     : 74
    Owned nodes                        : 1557
    DoF per node                       : 1
  KSP:
    KSP Type                           : cg
    KSP Convergence                    : CONVERGED_RTOL
    Total KSP Iterations               : 13
    Final rnorm                        : 6.111384e-11
  Performance:
    Pointwise Error (max)              : 4.761270e-04
    CG Solve Time                      : 0.00310874 (0.00310217) sec
    DoFs/Sec in CG                     : 598.325 (599.593) million

-- CEED Benchmark Problem 1 -- libCEED + PETSc --
  MPI:
    Hostname                           : noether
    Total ranks                        : 64
    Ranks per compute node             : 64
  PETSc:
    PETSc Vec Type                     : mpi
  libCEED:
    libCEED Backend                    : /cpu/self/xsmm/serial
    libCEED Backend MemType            : host
  Mesh:
    Number of 1D Basis Nodes (P)       : 4
    Number of 1D Quadrature Points (Q) : 5
    Global nodes                       : 282112
    Local Elements                     : 162
    Owned nodes                        : 3807
    DoF per node                       : 1
  KSP:
    KSP Type                           : cg
    KSP Convergence                    : CONVERGED_RTOL
    Total KSP Iterations               : 12
    Final rnorm                        : 7.231436e-11
  Performance:
    Pointwise Error (max)              : 3.657806e-04
    CG Solve Time                      : 0.0053117 (0.00530573) sec
    DoFs/Sec in CG                     : 637.337 (638.055) million

-- CEED Benchmark Problem 1 -- libCEED + PETSc --
  MPI:
    Hostname                           : noether
    Total ranks                        : 64
    Ranks per compute node             : 64
  PETSc:
    PETSc Vec Type                     : mpi
  libCEED:
    libCEED Backend                    : /cpu/self/xsmm/serial
    libCEED Backend MemType            : host
  Mesh:
    Number of 1D Basis Nodes (P)       : 4
    Number of 1D Quadrature Points (Q) : 5
    Global nodes                       : 559240
    Local Elements                     : 300
    Owned nodes                        : 7851
    DoF per node                       : 1
  KSP:
    KSP Type                           : cg
    KSP Convergence                    : CONVERGED_RTOL
    Total KSP Iterations               : 11
    Final rnorm                        : 6.198824e-11
  Performance:
    Pointwise Error (max)              : 3.103872e-04
    CG Solve Time                      : 0.00962272 (0.00961163) sec
    DoFs/Sec in CG                     : 639.283 (640.02) million

-- CEED Benchmark Problem 1 -- libCEED + PETSc --
  MPI:
    Hostname                           : noether
    Total ranks                        : 64
    Ranks per compute node             : 64
  PETSc:
    PETSc Vec Type                     : mpi
  libCEED:
    libCEED Backend                    : /cpu/self/xsmm/serial
    libCEED Backend MemType            : host
  Mesh:
    Number of 1D Basis Nodes (P)       : 4
    Number of 1D Quadrature Points (Q) : 5
    Global nodes                       : 1107040
    Local Elements                     : 614
    Owned nodes                        : 14411
    DoF per node                       : 1
  KSP:
    KSP Type                           : cg
    KSP Convergence                    : CONVERGED_RTOL
    Total KSP Iterations               : 10
    Final rnorm                        : 6.954125e-11
  Performance:
    Pointwise Error (max)              : 2.414607e-04
    CG Solve Time                      : 0.0179257 (0.0179123) sec
    DoFs/Sec in CG                     : 617.573 (618.034) million

-- CEED Benchmark Problem 1 -- libCEED + PETSc --
  MPI:
    Hostname                           : noether
    Total ranks                        : 64
    Ranks per compute node             : 64
  PETSc:
    PETSc Vec Type                     : mpi
  libCEED:
    libCEED Backend                    : /cpu/self/xsmm/serial
    libCEED Backend MemType            : host
  Mesh:
    Number of 1D Basis Nodes (P)       : 5
    Number of 1D Quadrature Points (Q) : 6
    Global nodes                       : 72557
    Local Elements                     : 16
    Owned nodes                        : 840
    DoF per node                       : 1
  KSP:
    KSP Type                           : cg
    KSP Convergence                    : CONVERGED_RTOL
    Total KSP Iterations               : 11
    Final rnorm                        : 8.806552e-11
  Performance:
    Pointwise Error (max)              : 2.924302e-04
    CG Solve Time                      : 0.000999804 (0.000995845) sec
    DoFs/Sec in CG                     : 798.283 (801.457) million

-- CEED Benchmark Problem 1 -- libCEED + PETSc --
  MPI:
    Hostname                           : noether
    Total ranks                        : 64
    Ranks per compute node             : 64
  PETSc:
    PETSc Vec Type                     : mpi
  libCEED:
    libCEED Backend                    : /cpu/self/xsmm/serial
    libCEED Backend MemType            : host
  Mesh:
    Number of 1D Basis Nodes (P)       : 5
    Number of 1D Quadrature Points (Q) : 6
    Global nodes                       : 142557
    Local Elements                     : 34
    Owned nodes                        : 2016
    DoF per node                       : 1
  KSP:
    KSP Type                           : cg
    KSP Convergence                    : CONVERGED_RTOL
    Total KSP Iterations               : 11
    Final rnorm                        : 5.120639e-11
  Performance:
    Pointwise Error (max)              : 2.279410e-04
    CG Solve Time                      : 0.0015869 (0.00157947) sec
    DoFs/Sec in CG                     : 988.168 (992.817) million

-- CEED Benchmark Problem 1 -- libCEED + PETSc --
  MPI:
    Hostname                           : noether
    Total ranks                        : 64
    Ranks per compute node             : 64
  PETSc:
    PETSc Vec Type                     : mpi
  libCEED:
    libCEED Backend                    : /cpu/self/xsmm/serial
    libCEED Backend MemType            : host
  Mesh:
    Number of 1D Basis Nodes (P)       : 5
    Number of 1D Quadrature Points (Q) : 6
    Global nodes                       : 281589
    Local Elements                     : 65
    Owned nodes                        : 4160
    DoF per node                       : 1
  KSP:
    KSP Type                           : cg
    KSP Convergence                    : CONVERGED_RTOL
    Total KSP Iterations               : 10
    Final rnorm                        : 6.116676e-11
  Performance:
    Pointwise Error (max)              : 1.807031e-04
    CG Solve Time                      : 0.00260207 (0.00259715) sec
    DoFs/Sec in CG                     : 1082.17 (1084.22) million

-- CEED Benchmark Problem 1 -- libCEED + PETSc --
  MPI:
    Hostname                           : noether
    Total ranks                        : 64
    Ranks per compute node             : 64
  PETSc:
    PETSc Vec Type                     : mpi
  libCEED:
    libCEED Backend                    : /cpu/self/xsmm/serial
    libCEED Backend MemType            : host
  Mesh:
    Number of 1D Basis Nodes (P)       : 5
    Number of 1D Quadrature Points (Q) : 6
    Global nodes                       : 557865
    Local Elements                     : 125
    Owned nodes                        : 6727
    DoF per node                       : 1
  KSP:
    KSP Type                           : cg
    KSP Convergence                    : CONVERGED_RTOL
    Total KSP Iterations               : 9
    Final rnorm                        : 6.290557e-11
  Performance:
    Pointwise Error (max)              : 1.463795e-04
    CG Solve Time                      : 0.00449648 (0.00449065) sec
    DoFs/Sec in CG                     : 1116.6 (1118.05) million

-- CEED Benchmark Problem 1 -- libCEED + PETSc --
  MPI:
    Hostname                           : noether
    Total ranks                        : 64
    Ranks per compute node             : 64
  PETSc:
    PETSc Vec Type                     : mpi
  libCEED:
    libCEED Backend                    : /cpu/self/xsmm/serial
    libCEED Backend MemType            : host
  Mesh:
    Number of 1D Basis Nodes (P)       : 5
    Number of 1D Quadrature Points (Q) : 6
    Global nodes                       : 1107645
    Local Elements                     : 250
    Owned nodes                        : 15428
    DoF per node                       : 1
  KSP:
    KSP Type                           : cg
    KSP Convergence                    : CONVERGED_RTOL
    Total KSP Iterations               : 9
    Final rnorm                        : 3.332955e-11
  Performance:
    Pointwise Error (max)              : 1.172882e-04
    CG Solve Time                      : 0.00915277 (0.00913905) sec
    DoFs/Sec in CG                     : 1089.16 (1090.79) million

-- CEED Benchmark Problem 1 -- libCEED + PETSc --
  MPI:
    Hostname                           : noether
    Total ranks                        : 64
    Ranks per compute node             : 64
  PETSc:
    PETSc Vec Type                     : mpi
  libCEED:
    libCEED Backend                    : /cpu/self/xsmm/serial
    libCEED Backend MemType            : host
  Mesh:
    Number of 1D Basis Nodes (P)       : 6
    Number of 1D Quadrature Points (Q) : 7
    Global nodes                       : 72576
    Local Elements                     : 9
    Owned nodes                        : 756
    DoF per node                       : 1
  KSP:
    KSP Type                           : cg
    KSP Convergence                    : CONVERGED_RTOL
    Total KSP Iterations               : 10
    Final rnorm                        : 4.564162e-11
  Performance:
    Pointwise Error (max)              : 1.829518e-04
    CG Solve Time                      : 0.000909027 (0.000902407) sec
    DoFs/Sec in CG                     : 798.392 (804.249) million

-- CEED Benchmark Problem 1 -- libCEED + PETSc --
  MPI:
    Hostname                           : noether
    Total ranks                        : 64
    Ranks per compute node             : 64
  PETSc:
    PETSc Vec Type                     : mpi
  libCEED:
    libCEED Backend                    : /cpu/self/xsmm/serial
    libCEED Backend MemType            : host
  Mesh:
    Number of 1D Basis Nodes (P)       : 6
    Number of 1D Quadrature Points (Q) : 7
    Global nodes                       : 143136
    Local Elements                     : 16
    Owned nodes                        : 1595
    DoF per node                       : 1
  KSP:
    KSP Type                           : cg
    KSP Convergence                    : CONVERGED_RTOL
    Total KSP Iterations               : 9
    Final rnorm                        : 5.604520e-11
  Performance:
    Pointwise Error (max)              : 1.350112e-04
    CG Solve Time                      : 0.00109015 (0.00108427) sec
    DoFs/Sec in CG                     : 1181.69 (1188.1) million

-- CEED Benchmark Problem 1 -- libCEED + PETSc --
  MPI:
    Hostname                           : noether
    Total ranks                        : 64
    Ranks per compute node             : 64
  PETSc:
    PETSc Vec Type                     : mpi
  libCEED:
    libCEED Backend                    : /cpu/self/xsmm/serial
    libCEED Backend MemType            : host
  Mesh:
    Number of 1D Basis Nodes (P)       : 6
    Number of 1D Quadrature Points (Q) : 7
    Global nodes                       : 282296
    Local Elements                     : 35
    Owned nodes                        : 4125
    DoF per node                       : 1
  KSP:
    KSP Type                           : cg
    KSP Convergence                    : CONVERGED_RTOL
    Total KSP Iterations               : 9
    Final rnorm                        : 4.114651e-11
  Performance:
    Pointwise Error (max)              : 9.565608e-05
    CG Solve Time                      : 0.0018006 (0.00179563) sec
    DoFs/Sec in CG                     : 1411.01 (1414.91) million

-- CEED Benchmark Problem 1 -- libCEED + PETSc --
  MPI:
    Hostname                           : noether
    Total ranks                        : 64
    Ranks per compute node             : 64
  PETSc:
    PETSc Vec Type                     : mpi
  libCEED:
    libCEED Backend                    : /cpu/self/xsmm/serial
    libCEED Backend MemType            : host
  Mesh:
    Number of 1D Basis Nodes (P)       : 6
    Number of 1D Quadrature Points (Q) : 7
    Global nodes                       : 558656
    Local Elements                     : 68
    Owned nodes                        : 8075
    DoF per node                       : 1
  KSP:
    KSP Type                           : cg
    KSP Convergence                    : CONVERGED_RTOL
    Total KSP Iterations               : 8
    Final rnorm                        : 5.978567e-11
  Performance:
    Pointwise Error (max)              : 8.753081e-05
    CG Solve Time                      : 0.00295757 (0.00295157) sec
    DoFs/Sec in CG                     : 1511.12 (1514.19) million

-- CEED Benchmark Problem 1 -- libCEED + PETSc --
  MPI:
    Hostname                           : noether
    Total ranks                        : 64
    Ranks per compute node             : 64
  PETSc:
    PETSc Vec Type                     : mpi
  libCEED:
    libCEED Backend                    : /cpu/self/xsmm/serial
    libCEED Backend MemType            : host
  Mesh:
    Number of 1D Basis Nodes (P)       : 6
    Number of 1D Quadrature Points (Q) : 7
    Global nodes                       : 1107336
    Local Elements                     : 136
    Owned nodes                        : 14889
    DoF per node                       : 1
  KSP:
    KSP Type                           : cg
    KSP Convergence                    : CONVERGED_RTOL
    Total KSP Iterations               : 7
    Final rnorm                        : 8.538086e-11
  Performance:
    Pointwise Error (max)              : 6.065354e-05
    CG Solve Time                      : 0.00518985 (0.00517818) sec
    DoFs/Sec in CG                     : 1493.56 (1496.93) million

-- CEED Benchmark Problem 1 -- libCEED + PETSc --
  MPI:
    Hostname                           : noether
    Total ranks                        : 64
    Ranks per compute node             : 64
  PETSc:
    PETSc Vec Type                     : mpi
  libCEED:
    libCEED Backend                    : /cpu/self/xsmm/serial
    libCEED Backend MemType            : host
  Mesh:
    Number of 1D Basis Nodes (P)       : 7
    Number of 1D Quadrature Points (Q) : 8
    Global nodes                       : 73315
    Local Elements                     : 5
    Owned nodes                        : 835
    DoF per node                       : 1
  KSP:
    KSP Type                           : cg
    KSP Convergence                    : CONVERGED_RTOL
    Total KSP Iterations               : 9
    Final rnorm                        : 4.048038e-11
  Performance:
    Pointwise Error (max)              : 1.078653e-04
    CG Solve Time                      : 0.000661046 (0.000656015) sec
    DoFs/Sec in CG                     : 998.168 (1005.82) million

-- CEED Benchmark Problem 1 -- libCEED + PETSc --
  MPI:
    Hostname                           : noether
    Total ranks                        : 64
    Ranks per compute node             : 64
  PETSc:
    PETSc Vec Type                     : mpi
  libCEED:
    libCEED Backend                    : /cpu/self/xsmm/serial
    libCEED Backend MemType            : host
  Mesh:
    Number of 1D Basis Nodes (P)       : 7
    Number of 1D Quadrature Points (Q) : 8
    Global nodes                       : 144265
    Local Elements                     : 10
    Owned nodes                        : 1812
    DoF per node                       : 1
  KSP:
    KSP Type                           : cg
    KSP Convergence                    : CONVERGED_RTOL
    Total KSP Iterations               : 8
    Final rnorm                        : 6.865932e-11
  Performance:
    Pointwise Error (max)              : 7.730417e-05
    CG Solve Time                      : 0.000787456 (0.000782396) sec
    DoFs/Sec in CG                     : 1465.63 (1475.11) million

-- CEED Benchmark Problem 1 -- libCEED + PETSc --
  MPI:
    Hostname                           : noether
    Total ranks                        : 64
    Ranks per compute node             : 64
  PETSc:
    PETSc Vec Type                     : mpi
  libCEED:
    libCEED Backend                    : /cpu/self/xsmm/serial
    libCEED Backend MemType            : host
  Mesh:
    Number of 1D Basis Nodes (P)       : 7
    Number of 1D Quadrature Points (Q) : 8
    Global nodes                       : 282583
    Local Elements                     : 18
    Owned nodes                        : 3672
    DoF per node                       : 1
  KSP:
    KSP Type                           : cg
    KSP Convergence                    : CONVERGED_RTOL
    Total KSP Iterations               : 8
    Final rnorm                        : 3.893507e-11
  Performance:
    Pointwise Error (max)              : 6.262719e-05
    CG Solve Time                      : 0.00142244 (0.00141601) sec
    DoFs/Sec in CG                     : 1589.29 (1596.5) million

-- CEED Benchmark Problem 1 -- libCEED + PETSc --
  MPI:
    Hostname                           : noether
    Total ranks                        : 64
    Ranks per compute node             : 64
  PETSc:
    PETSc Vec Type                     : mpi
  libCEED:
    libCEED Backend                    : /cpu/self/xsmm/serial
    libCEED Backend MemType            : host
  Mesh:
    Number of 1D Basis Nodes (P)       : 7
    Number of 1D Quadrature Points (Q) : 8
    Global nodes                       : 559399
    Local Elements                     : 38
    Owned nodes                        : 7266
    DoF per node                       : 1
  KSP:
    KSP Type                           : cg
    KSP Convergence                    : CONVERGED_RTOL
    Total KSP Iterations               : 7
    Final rnorm                        : 6.593691e-11
  Performance:
    Pointwise Error (max)              : 5.064232e-05
    CG Solve Time                      : 0.00208114 (0.00207396) sec
    DoFs/Sec in CG                     : 1881.57 (1888.07) million

-- CEED Benchmark Problem 1 -- libCEED + PETSc --
  MPI:
    Hostname                           : noether
    Total ranks                        : 64
    Ranks per compute node             : 64
  PETSc:
    PETSc Vec Type                     : mpi
  libCEED:
    libCEED Backend                    : /cpu/self/xsmm/serial
    libCEED Backend MemType            : host
  Mesh:
    Number of 1D Basis Nodes (P)       : 7
    Number of 1D Quadrature Points (Q) : 8
    Global nodes                       : 1111135
    Local Elements                     : 74
    Owned nodes                        : 14166
    DoF per node                       : 1
  KSP:
    KSP Type                           : cg
    KSP Convergence                    : CONVERGED_RTOL
    Total KSP Iterations               : 6
    Final rnorm                        : 5.719480e-11
  Performance:
    Pointwise Error (max)              : 4.623398e-05
    CG Solve Time                      : 0.00335391 (0.00334011) sec
    DoFs/Sec in CG                     : 1987.77 (1995.99) million

-- CEED Benchmark Problem 1 -- libCEED + PETSc --
  MPI:
    Hostname                           : noether
    Total ranks                        : 64
    Ranks per compute node             : 64
  PETSc:
    PETSc Vec Type                     : mpi
  libCEED:
    libCEED Backend                    : /cpu/self/xsmm/serial
    libCEED Backend MemType            : host
  Mesh:
    Number of 1D Basis Nodes (P)       : 8
    Number of 1D Quadrature Points (Q) : 9
    Global nodes                       : 72500
    Local Elements                     : 3
    Owned nodes                        : 684
    DoF per node                       : 1
  KSP:
    KSP Type                           : cg
    KSP Convergence                    : CONVERGED_RTOL
    Total KSP Iterations               : 8
    Final rnorm                        : 4.010683e-11
  Performance:
    Pointwise Error (max)              : 7.418681e-05
    CG Solve Time                      : 0.000529974 (0.000522534) sec
    DoFs/Sec in CG                     : 1094.39 (1109.98) million

-- CEED Benchmark Problem 1 -- libCEED + PETSc --
  MPI:
    Hostname                           : noether
    Total ranks                        : 64
    Ranks per compute node             : 64
  PETSc:
    PETSc Vec Type                     : mpi
  libCEED:
    libCEED Backend                    : /cpu/self/xsmm/serial
    libCEED Backend MemType            : host
  Mesh:
    Number of 1D Basis Nodes (P)       : 8
    Number of 1D Quadrature Points (Q) : 9
    Global nodes                       : 142500
    Local Elements                     : 7
    Owned nodes                        : 1980
    DoF per node                       : 1
  KSP:
    KSP Type                           : cg
    KSP Convergence                    : CONVERGED_RTOL
    Total KSP Iterations               : 7
    Final rnorm                        : 9.560083e-11
  Performance:
    Pointwise Error (max)              : 4.839189e-05
    CG Solve Time                      : 0.000668245 (0.000662885) sec
    DoFs/Sec in CG                     : 1492.72 (1504.79) million

-- CEED Benchmark Problem 1 -- libCEED + PETSc --
  MPI:
    Hostname                           : noether
    Total ranks                        : 64
    Ranks per compute node             : 64
  PETSc:
    PETSc Vec Type                     : mpi
  libCEED:
    libCEED Backend                    : /cpu/self/xsmm/serial
    libCEED Backend MemType            : host
  Mesh:
    Number of 1D Basis Nodes (P)       : 8
    Number of 1D Quadrature Points (Q) : 9
    Global nodes                       : 282150
    Local Elements                     : 12
    Owned nodes                        : 3078
    DoF per node                       : 1
  KSP:
    KSP Type                           : cg
    KSP Convergence                    : CONVERGED_RTOL
    Total KSP Iterations               : 6
    Final rnorm                        : 7.089094e-11
  Performance:
    Pointwise Error (max)              : 5.129433e-05
    CG Solve Time                      : 0.000975952 (0.00096956) sec
    DoFs/Sec in CG                     : 1734.61 (1746.05) million

-- CEED Benchmark Problem 1 -- libCEED + PETSc --
  MPI:
    Hostname                           : noether
    Total ranks                        : 64
    Ranks per compute node             : 64
  PETSc:
    PETSc Vec Type                     : mpi
  libCEED:
    libCEED Backend                    : /cpu/self/xsmm/serial
    libCEED Backend MemType            : host
  Mesh:
    Number of 1D Basis Nodes (P)       : 8
    Number of 1D Quadrature Points (Q) : 9
    Global nodes                       : 558657
    Local Elements                     : 25
    Owned nodes                        : 7294
    DoF per node                       : 1
  KSP:
    KSP Type                           : cg
    KSP Convergence                    : CONVERGED_RTOL
    Total KSP Iterations               : 6
    Final rnorm                        : 7.159966e-11
  Performance:
    Pointwise Error (max)              : 3.709386e-05
    CG Solve Time                      : 0.00142605 (0.00141898) sec
    DoFs/Sec in CG                     : 2350.51 (2362.22) million

-- CEED Benchmark Problem 1 -- libCEED + PETSc --
  MPI:
    Hostname                           : noether
    Total ranks                        : 64
    Ranks per compute node             : 64
  PETSc:
    PETSc Vec Type                     : mpi
  libCEED:
    libCEED Backend                    : /cpu/self/xsmm/serial
    libCEED Backend MemType            : host
  Mesh:
    Number of 1D Basis Nodes (P)       : 8
    Number of 1D Quadrature Points (Q) : 9
    Global nodes                       : 1107912
    Local Elements                     : 48
    Owned nodes                        : 15876
    DoF per node                       : 1
  KSP:
    KSP Type                           : cg
    KSP Convergence                    : CONVERGED_RTOL
    Total KSP Iterations               : 5
    Final rnorm                        : 7.367929e-11
  Performance:
    Pointwise Error (max)              : 2.813539e-05
    CG Solve Time                      : 0.00220417 (0.00219119) sec
    DoFs/Sec in CG                     : 2513.21 (2528.1) million
dlerror: libalteracl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
dlerror: libintelocl_emu.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
